this is very blurry I can kind of see
but it's like looking through Vaseline
like you have your eye caked with
Vaseline if this didn't clear up it
would be permanent this would be a
pretty much blind blind in my left eye I
talked to the adopters assistant on the
phone and she told me just to put hot
warm compresses on my eyes and not to
panic
and if things he worse go to the urgent
care or emergency room and if I go
anywhere I'll go to an urgent care I
won't go to emergency room because they
don't really do anything they just let
you sit there for five hours and then
you go home with the two thousand dollar
bill and they haven't done anything
you'd be like I'm gonna do this for
about five minutes
I'm back now with the patch on my eye my
eye because I couldn't see in the I
couldn't see in my eye it was so blurry
the doctor's assistant said that I
should put a patch over my eye so I will
stop blinking my eye which because the
inner lining of the eyelid was swollen
or is swollen it's rubbing on the cornea
scratching the cornea causing the cornea
or on the eye to as well be inflamed
think that's part of some of my
temporary blurriness blurred vision I'm
not sure the blurred vision could come
from dryness blinking the eye this eye I
can see very well it's still little pink
I'm gonna put some drops in it soon pink
eye conjunctivitis viral pinkeye
bacterial pinkeye this is very painful
and it's scary and it's common and it's
expensive and it's very painful and it's
debilitating and I mean this has been
going on for a week and you know I can
it's very debilitating so I just want to
you document what I'm going through
okay that's enough for now I will see
you on the third day so I am now on day
three and my eyes are still red they're
very sensitive to the light I mean it
really hurts this I right here I still
can't see very well out of it
I assume that I have scratched the
cornea which is a surface superficial
surface damage and I'm gonna put my
patch back on so I won't keep blinking
my eye I think I kept blinking my eye
and it scratched my cornea
so you can see how red it is the Reds
not really going away and I'm just I'm
on my third day so I'm really hoping
that this will heal up very soon now I'm
not feeling very good today my spirits
are kind of very low I talked to my
doctor's assistant on the phone and told
them that my eyesight was starting to
get blurry in both eyes and you can see
they're pretty bad this eye I can't see
very well and this one I'm starting to
lose sight so the doctor is calling me
in a stronger medication an antibiotic
which supposedly will kill anything but
yeah this is it's not getting any better
it's actually it's getting worse so
we're gonna call that in it's 9 o'clock
at night it's 8 8 o'clock at night so
we're gonna call that in now because
this is not getting any better at all be
legally blind if it keeps going on so
hopefully this will work there's a
bacteria and odd they have not gotten
the culture back from the lab but the
doctors gonna go ahead and prescribe me
something stronger anyways I'm trying to
get a good look at my eye so lucky I'm
lucky that the doctor is willing to call
in a prescription at Walgreens
my mom's gonna go pick up the
prescription but now this eye we which
used to be the good eye is getting as
bad as this one and I'm afraid it we
don't take care of this now I'm gonna go
blind or something